{\rtf\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}\Info{{\title STARS VIOLATION CODES}{\author UserID: PVBTANT}{\subject }{\keywords }{\operator Job: PVBTAJS2 JobID: JOB00382}{\*\company JES2Mail: Rel: 5.0.7 Release - February 17, 2016}{\creatim\yr2017\mo12\dy19\hr9\min31\sec49}}\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl720\margt720\margr720\margb540\landscape\pard\plain\fs16 01FAILURE TO DISPLAY BUS PERMIT NO PERMIT DSPLY\line 02NO OPERATOR NAM/ADD/PH DISPLAYNO OPER N/A/PH\line 03UNAUTHORIZED PASSENGER PICK-UPUNAUTH PASS P/U\line 04BUS PARKING IN LOWER MANHATTANBUS PKG LOW MNH\line 05BUS LANE VIOLATION            BUS LANE VIOLAT\line 06OVERNIGHT TRACTOR TRAILER PKG OVERNIGHT TRACT\line 07FAILURE TO STOP AT RED LIGHT  FAIL STOP RED L\line 08IDLING                        IDLING\line 09OBSTRUCTING TRAFFIC/INTERSECT OBSTRUCT INTSEC\line 10NO STOPPING-DAY/TIME LIMITS   NO STOP-LIMITS\line 11NO STANDING-HOTEL LOADING     NO STD-HTL LOAD\line 12NO STANDING-SNOW EMERGENCY    NO STD-SNOW EMR\line 13NO STANDING-TAXI STAND        NO STD-TAXI STD\line 14NO STANDING-DAY/TIME LIMITS   NO STD-LIMITS\line 15NO STANDING-OFF-STREET LOT    NO STD-OFF-STR\line 16NO STANDING-EXC. TRUCK LOADINGNO STD-TRCK LOD\line 17NO STANDING-EXC. AUTH. VEHICLENO STD-AUTH VEH\line 18NO STANDING-BUS LANE          NO STD-BUS LANE\line 19NO STANDING-BUS STOP          NO STD-BUS STOP\line 20NO PARKING-DAY/TIME LIMITS    NO PRKG-LIMITS\line 21NO PARKING-STREET CLEANING    NO PKG-STR CLN\line 22NO PARKING-EXC. HOTEL LOADING NO PKG-HTL LOAD\line 23NO PARKING-TAXI STAND         NO PKG-TAXI STD\line 24NO PARKING-EXC. AUTH. VEHICLE NO PKG-AUTH VEH\line 25NO STANDING-COMMUTER VAN STOP NO STD-COMM VAN\line 26NO STANDING-FOR HIRE VEH STOP NO STD-FOR HIRE\line 27NO PARKING-EXC. HNDICAP PERMITNO PKG-HANDICAP\line 28OVERTIME STANDING DP          OT STD DP\line 29ALTERING INTERCITY BUS PERMIT ALTERED PERMIT\line 30NO STOP/STANDNG EXCEPT PAS P/UNO STOP/STANDNG\line 31NO STANDING-COMM METER ZONE   NO STD-CM MT ZN\line 32OT PARKING-MISSING/BROKEN METRNO PKG-MSG/DEFEC\line 33FEEDING METER                 FEEDING METER\line 34EXPIRED METER                 EXPIRED METER\line 35SELLING/OFFERING MCHNDSE-METERSELLING MCHNDSE\line 36PHTO SCHOOL ZN SPEED VIOLATIONSCHL ZN SPD VIO\line 37EXPIRED MUNI METER            EXPIRE MUNIMETE\line 38FAIL TO DSPLY MUNI METER RECPTFAIL DSPLY RECT\line 39OVERTIME PKG-TIME LIMIT POSTEDOT PKG TIME LIM\line 40FIRE HYDRANT                  FIRE HYDRANT\line 41MISCELLANEOUS                 MISCELLANEOUS\line 42EXPIRED MUNI MTR-COMM MTR ZN  EXP M MTR-CM MT\line 43EXPIRED METER-COMM METER ZONE EXP MT-CM MT ZN\line 44PKG IN EXC. OF LIM-COMM MTR ZNPKG EX LM-CM MT\line 45TRAFFIC LANE                  TRAFFIC LANE\line 46DOUBLE PARKING                DOUBLE PKG\line 47DOUBLE PARKING-MIDTOWN COMML  DBL PKG-MIDTOWN\line 48BIKE LANE                     BIKE LANE\line 49EXCAVATION-VEHICLE OBSTR TRAFFEXCAV-VEH OBSTR\line 50CROSSWALK                     CROSSWALK\line 51SIDEWALK                      SIDEWALK\line 52INTERSECTION                  INTERSECTION\line 53SAFETY ZONE                   SAFETY ZONE\line 54PCKP DSCHRGE IN PRHBTD ZONE   PCKP DSCHRGE PZ\line 55ELEVATED/DIVIDED HIGHWAY/TUNNLELV/DIV HWY/TNL\line 56DIVIDED HIGHWAY               DIVIDED HIGHWAY\line 57BLUE ZONE                     BLUE ZONE\line 58MARGINAL STREET/WATER FRONT   MRG STR/WTR FRT\line 59ANGLE PARKING-COMM VEHICLE    ANG PKG/COM VEH\line 60ANGLE PARKING                 ANGLE PARKING\line 61WRONG WAY                     WRONG WAY\line 62BEYOND MARKED SPACE           BYND MARKED SPC\line 63NIGHTTIME STD/ PKG IN A PARK  NGHT STD/PKG PK\line 64NO STANDING EXCP D/S          NO STD-EX D/S\line 65OVERTIME STDG D/S             OT STD-D/S\line 66DETACHED TRAILER              DETACHED TRLR\line 67PEDESTRIAN RAMP               PED RAMP\line 68NON-COMPLIANCE W/ POSTED SIGN NON-COMP SIGN\line 69FAIL TO DISP. MUNI METER RECPTNO MUNI MTR REC\line 70REG. STICKER-EXPIRED/MISSING  EXP/MSG REG STK\page 71INSP. STICKER-EXPIRED/MISSING EXP/MSG INSP ST\line 72INSP STICKER-MUTILATED/C'FEIT MUTILATED INSPE\line 73REG STICKER-MUTILATED/C'FEIT  MUTILATED REGST\line 74FRONT OR BACK PLATE MISSING   PLATE MISSING\line 75NO MATCH-PLATE/STICKER        NO MTCH-PLT/STK\line 76VIN OBSCURED                  VIN OBSCURED\line 77PARKED BUS-EXC. DESIG. AREA   PARKED BUS\line 78NGHT PKG ON RESID STR-COMM VEHNGHTPKG RES STR\line 79UNAUTHORIZED BUS LAYOVER      BUS LAYOVER\line 80MISSING EQUIPMENT             MISSING EQUIP\line 81NO STANDING EXCP DP           NO STD-EX DP\line 82COMML PLATES-UNALTERED VEHICLECOMML PLATES\line 83IMPROPER REGISTRATION         IMPROPER REG\line 84PLTFRM LFTS LWRD POS COMM VEH PLTFRMS LOWERED\line 85STORAGE-3HR COMMERCIAL        STORAGE 3HR\line 86MIDTOWN PKG OR STD-3HR LIMIT  MDTWNPKG/STD3HR\line 87UNALTERED COMM VEHICLE        UNALT CM VEH\line 88UNALTERED COMM VEH-NME/ADDRESSUNL CM VEH N/A\line 89NO STD(EXC TRKS/GMTDST NO-TRK)NO STD XTR/GDNT\line 90VEH-SALE/WSHNG/RPRNG/DRIVEWAY MISCELLANEOUS\line 91VEHICLE FOR SALE(DEALERS ONLY)VEH SALE/DLR OL\line 92WASH/REPAIR VEHCL-REPAIR ONLY WSH/RP VEH\line 93REMOVE/REPLACE FLAT TIRE      MISCELLANEOUS\line 96RAILROAD CROSSING             RAILRD CROSSING\line 97VACANT LOT                    VACANT LOT\line 98OBSTRUCTING DRIVEWAY          OBSTR DRVWY\line 99OTHER                         OTHER}